[docs][charts] Similar introduction on most charts pages (#17374)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/axis/axis.md

Here is a demonstration with two lines with the same data.
But one uses a linear, and the other a log axis.
Each axis definition is identified by its attribute `id`.

> Then each series specifies the axis they use with the `xAxisId` and `yAxisId` attributes.

Reviewer: This looks plain wrong. Attributes has very little correct use in JavaScript: https://262.ecma-international.org/15.0/index.html. The most common reference is HTML related: https://www.w3.org/TR/2011/WD-html5-20110405/elements.html#global-attributes.

So?

```suggestion
Then each series specifies the axis they use with the `xAxisId` and `yAxisId` properties.
```

x the other cases.

Author: We went that direction to avoid confusion with the notion of props. BUt if it miss lead you to another direction, it's not good

Reviewer 2: IMO to be consistent with other docs, it should be:
- Attribute for DOM attributes
- Prop for React props (even though they're short for properties)
- Property for object properties

An alternative to property might be "field", but I'm not sure it's used that much in JS. Even some APIs use property: [`Object.hasOwnProperty`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/hasOwnProperty) and [`Object.isPropertyEnumerable`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/propertyIsEnumerable). 

Field seems to be used in the context of classes ([source](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Public_class_fields)):

> Public fields are writable, enumerable, and configurable properties defined on each class instance or class constructor.

Reviewer: Right, yeah "prop" can be confusing, but we also need to build trust with developers that the terms we use are accurate. So it's probably a feedback for React, not much we can do about it 😁.

If we need synonymes, keep the terminology used blurry, on my end, there is no preconceived idea of what "field" is, I could see this working. Though, I would question why not use a precise terminology.

### Axis direction

By default, the axes' directions are left to right and bottom to top.
You can change this behavior with the attribute `reverse`.

{{"demo": "ReverseExample.js"}}

## Grid

You can add a grid in the background of the cartesian chart with the `grid` prop.

It accepts an object with `vertical` and `horizontal` attributes.

> Setting those attributes to `true` will display the grid lines.

Author: ```suggestion
Setting those attributes to `true` displays the grid lines.
```
